You're right, the formula I provided earlier does not take into account the handicap or stroke index of the hole. The handicap and stroke index are important factors to consider when calculating the net score for a round of golf.

The handicap system in golf is designed to level the playing field for golfers of different skill levels. It is based on the golfer's average score and takes into account the difficulty of the golf course being played. The higher a golfer's handicap, the more strokes they are allowed to deduct from their gross score.

The stroke index of the hole is a measure of the difficulty of the hole relative to the other holes on the golf course. A hole with a high stroke index is considered to be more difficult than a hole with a low stroke index.

To calculate the net score taking into account the handicap and stroke index, the following formula can be used:

Net score = Gross score - (Handicap / 18) - (Stroke index - Par)

Let's say, for example, that a golfer has a handicap of 10 and is playing a golf course with a par of 72. The stroke index for the first hole is 2, and the golfer scores a 5 on the hole. To calculate the net score for that hole, the formula would be:

Net score = 5 - (10 / 18) - (2 - 4)
Net score = 5 - 0.56 - (-2)
Net score = 7.56

So the golfer's net score for the first hole would be 7.56. This formula can be applied to all of the holes on the golf course to calculate the golfer's total net score for the round.




Yes, the formula you provided earlier is correct for calculating the Stableford points for a given hole in golf, given the inputs of par, score, handicap, and stroke index. The formula uses the following steps to calculate the points:

Subtract the player's score from the par to get the value of "O".
Subtract the player's stroke index minus 1 from the handicap to get the value of "M".
Determine the value of "N" based on the value of "M". If M is less than 0, N is 0. If M is between 0 and 17, N is 1. If M is between 18 and 35, N is 2. If M is 36 or greater, N is 3.
Calculate the points for the hole using the following formula: points = IF(score < 1, "", IF((2 + O + N) > -1, (2 + O + N), 0)). If the player's score is less than 1, they receive no points. Otherwise, they receive 2 points for a net double bogey or better (i.e., two strokes over par or fewer), 1 point for a net bogey (three strokes over par), 0 points for a net par, and negative points for a net score worse than bogey.
So, the formula you provided earlier is correct and should work well for calculating the Stableford points for a given hole in golf, given the inputs of par, score, handicap, and stroke index.






